if I could dance with anyone past or
present I think it would have to be Fred
Astaire
my biggest indulgence is probably shoes
I'm not I'm quite you know I'm quiet
reserved usually but shoes I do like to
splash out because you don't change size
and she was so you can kind of keep him
forever so that's how I justify it to
myself anyway if I was invisible for a
day I would find Beyonce and being a fly
on the wall to what she's really like
because I'm totally obsessed with her
but I'd really like to know what she's
all about
behind closed doors I'm not a huge fan
of fancy dress really as a real but I
did dress up as the Grim Reaper along
with Cheryl Sarah's bonfire night party
a couple of years ago and that was
actually quite fun because it comes all
the way over your head so nobody you
know whilst which I found quite fun
actually like nobody knew who we were
these two random bodies mine was black
and hers was purple so you could just
like watch everybody see what's going on
I think probably one of my funny early
showbiz memories was having to sit on
the toilet at five years old and shout I
finished and that was the first line I
ever said on TV and it haunts me to this
day